- Previously on Return. - Are you kidding me?
You are under arrest for murdering and abandoning the body of Ms. Yum.
Ja Hye. I need your help.
With whom were you at the penthouse on December 3?
The murderer refrigerated the entire body?
It would be possible if it were somewhere like a hospital?
This afternoon, In Ho's lawyer came by and asked about that day.
(Episode 5)
1, 2, 3.
Hey.
Oh Tae Suk, you're unbelievable.
Move aside. At this rate, we won't be done tonight.
Hey, this brings back old memories, doesn't it?
That time when we got together just like this and...
Just keep digging.
Look at that jerk. He's so sensitive. My goodness.
Gosh, my back.
I'm beat.
Hey, what are you doing?
Mi Jung...
is pretty.
You crazy jerk.
- She was my first love... - Stop acting crazy.
You're such a jerk.
(55 hours before the discovery of Yum Mi Jung's body)
(Two days before the discovery of Yum Mi Jung's body)
Come on. Stop picking at your food.
You must eat your meal to work.
I lost my appetite.
You're a doctor, but you look weaker than your patients.
Shouldn't you be lying on a bed among your patients?
(Tae Suk)
Hello, my dear friend, Oh Tae Suk.
When are you going to give me the 36th Young Sook?
We are friends. It was just a game.
You're not seriously going to take my Young Sook, right?
You can't go back on your word.
I am very much looking forward to spending a sizzling night...
with Young Sook today.
Hey... Hey!
Hey, he's such a head case, isn't he?
At least pretend that you're complying.
You know that once Tae Suk makes up his mind,
he always makes sure he follows through.
But Young Sook is...
I just can't let give her to him myself. I'm serious.
Drop her off...
at the penthouse for me.
Today?
I'm on my way to hand you over Young Sook.
Hak Bum said he just couldn't drop her off by himself.
She's in the garage.
He says he just can't give her to you. What did she do to him?
Be careful.
That punk. He said he couldn't just give her to me. He messed with her.
What is it?
What is it, sir? What's wrong?
I fell. You may get back to work.
You don't look well.
Should I call an ambulance? Or do you need help walking...
I told you to get back to work, okay?
Yes, sir. I'll do that.
What...
Where did they go...
after dropping a bomb on me?
We're here.
Seriously.
What was that crazy talk?
Don't do that!
Seriously.
Shoot.
Mi Jung?
What...
- Who did this? - You,
Joon Hee, or me.
Drop the gibberish.
What's going on?
What did you mean by saying you couldn't just give me the car?
I was just fooling around!
So it wasn't you?
Hey. You moved the car.
You told me to! All I did was drive.
Hey, first...
Let's close this first.
Hey, hold her straight.
I'm tired.
Hey, let's switch.
Hey, do you think you're the only one who's tired?
I think we should call the police at least now and...
Shut it.
If you aren't going to help, at least shut it.
Hey, let's hurry up and go.
But why are we taking the stairs?
Why can't we take the elevator?
Are you a moron?
Do you want to get caught on camera?
Once we get to the penthouse, what next?
What do you plan to do next?
Move her first. We can think later.
Hey!
Are you okay?
Hey. You should've held on. You shouldn't roll down with her.
Are you... Are you insane?
How could you just let go like that?
Mi Jung is dead, right?
She can't feel pain. No, she can't.
But... What about me?
You freak.
You said no one takes the stairs.
Is someone there?
My apologies.
- You freak. - You look like a bigger freak.
Let's call the police at least now.
Sit still! Let's think about this a little more.
We can always call later.
Shoot.
Who did that?
You really don't know what happened to her?
What are you talking about?
You always talked about teaching her a lesson...
for disrespecting you.
You crazy jerk.
I was saying it out of anger.
It wasn't just once. You said it all the time!
Hey. What's your deal?
Are you trying to dump this all on me?
You said you couldn't just give me the car as it is.
I prepared a little prank. I told you that already!
To be honest,
you're the one who really wanted to kill Mi Jung.
What? Why would I?
She always asked your family for money.
What do you think you know?
I know a lot.
Her wine bar in Cheongdam-dong.
Your dad gave her that.
Why was that?
What did she have on both of you, father and son?
You crazy jerk.
Fine! Let's call the cops and find out...
who did that to Mi Jung.
You crazy jerks.
Go ahead.
If you call now,
all three of us will be suspects.
I like that.
Let's all play in the mud together.
Why is it all three of us?
Take me out of it. I had no problems with her.
To be honest, you're not free either.
Hey. Mi Jung is the one...
who supplied his drugs.
It's been about five years now.
(Oh Tae Suk)
Give it to me while I'm being nice.
If this video gets out,
it'll hurt your reputation a little.
Here.
Take it.
Her dad was a chauffeur.
So if you girls succeed too,
you can become like this chauffeur's daughter here.
That's why you should work hard.
Gosh. This place is nice.
All you have going for you...
other than your family's money is your big mouth.
Were you talking to me?
What? Hey.
Hey!
I'll kill you.
Psycho.
Is something wrong, Joon Hee?
Is something wrong?
"Something wrong"?
Drink it.
If you drink it,
you will feel much more peaceful.
Hey, guys.
Let's not do this to each other.
If we report this to the police, they might find out who did this,
but all of us will be in a pickle if this traces back to us.
You don't want to be implicated in this, right?
My gosh, then what do you suggest that we do?
Shoot.
It's not like...
we can just bury her in an isolated place.
Should we...
really bury her?
Think about it. I saw it in the movies.
When there's no corpse,
there's no evidence of murder,
so they cannot charge the murder with the crime.
But we didn't murder her. We don't need to go that far.
No.
This makes sense.
As long as we bury her somewhere she will never be found.
But does such place exist?
There's one.
There's an old quarry our family bought in Gangwon Province.
We don't plan on developing the property for the time being.
And since it's uninhabited,
it will be completely safe.
Okay. Hey, In Ho keeps...
a big suitcase in the closet.
Let me bring it.
Hey.
Problem solved.
[VIU Ver] E05 Return "Why Are You Avoiding Me?"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Hey.
This is huge.
Even all of us could fit into it.
(A week after the discovery of the corpse)
Joon Hee.
Why are you avoiding me?
I'm not avoiding you. I just remembered a pressing matter.
Can you spare me some time?
The girl in the back of the photo.
It's Mi Jung, right?
All of you had known her for a long time.
Despite your long friendship,
you guys pretended to have met for the first time that day.
I'm sorry.
Okay. That day,
everyone seemed different.
Only I didn't see that.
Na Ra, you are a great cook too.
This is cheating.
You're pretty, smart, and good-natured.
I'm slightly offended now.
Na Ra, what other ingredients did you put in the salad dressing...
except kiwis?
I put kiwis in that one and balsamic vinegar for this one.
- They are to die for. - Thank you.
Joon Hee, try the salad with balsamic vinegar.
All right.
I didn't remember it that day,
but I remembered that you were allergic to kiwi later on.
The fact that she knew that you had a kiwi allergy...
means that you must have been close.
Tell me.
Tell me the story between all of you that only I don't know.
Mi Jung...
and we had known each other since we were 14.
Since you were 14?
She was the daughter of Tae Suk's driver, Mr. Yum,
who lived with his family.
(1998)
She was 19 back then.
She was pretty...
and maturer than her age.
- Who is that? - She's really pretty.
- She can see us. - Hey, you jerk.
Quit peeking at me, and just come out here.
I will give whoever comes out here first...
the honor of touching my feet.
Hey, you should get out there.
You must be Tae Suk's friend.
Well, Hak Bum just pushed me.
What's your name?
I... I'm Seo Joon Hee.
Hak Bum, you should come out too.
Okay.
Who else is hiding there?
It's In Ho.
In Ho, I caught you too.
When we were young, we all liked her except In Ho.
He was the only one who wasn't interested in her.
He wasn't interested...
But he was the one who dated her.
When we turned 20,
we found out that they were dating.
They had been seeing each other since they were 20 until now?
No.
They broke up after he met you.
Their relationship was rekindled only recently. It's true.
I believe you. You are not good at lying.
Then let me rephrase my question.
Do you think...
In Ho murdered Mi Jung?
When we turned 20, we found out that they were dating.
They had been seeing each other since they were 20 until now?
They broke up after he met you.
Their relationship was rekindled only recently. It's true.
- Mom! - Mom!
- Mommy! - Mom!
Is that really you, Mom?
- Goodbye. - What?
Of course I am.
But why do you look so pretty today?
I wanted to look nice for my princess.
Why? Do I look weird?
No, you look like a pretty lady on TV.
Then I will make sure I look pretty from now on.
Okay.
I had a dream a few days ago.
When you had a day off, you'd turn off the alarms...
since you were afraid to wake me up.
You'd help Dal Rae wash up.
You'd make toasts.
- That's hot. - You'd even brew coffee too.
I would wake up after sleeping in.
That familiar memory was in my dream.
I would have forgotten about it under any other circumstances.
But it broke my heart to pieces.
I guess days like this with you...
will be no more.
Wait. Hey.
No, Na Ra.
We... We can live like that again.
How is that possible?
How can we live as we did before?
I'm telling the truth. I didn't kill Mi Jung.
Do you know something?
The fact that you were accused of murder...
isn't shocking to me.
Why?
Because I don't think you killed a person.
Because I believe that much about you.
But the fact that you embraced another woman,
pulled her into the neighborhood where Dal Rae and I live,
and sat her at my table...
is something I can't forgive.
Na Ra.
First, I'll clear your name of murder.
You're Dal Rae's dad.
I can't let her be a murderer's daughter.
Then I'll decide about our relationship...
later on.
Na Ra, please.
Do you think...
murder would hurt me more than your cheating?
That's your arrogance.
Na Ra...
You should know that I can't tell you...
about the case.
Of course.
You seem different today.
You're wearing heavy makeup.
You're wearing heels too.
You look prettier today.
- Do I look like an attorney? - By any chance,
did you make your decision?
Will you accept me?
Of course.
Please show me Kang In Ho's file now, Ms. Choi.
- Here you go. - Thank you.
(Autopsy Report)
(Yum Mi Jung, 38)
(DNA Test Result)
(Skin beneath deceased's nail, DNA sample from Kang In Ho)
(Prince Hotel)
(November 10, 2017, Yum Mi Jung checked in at Prince Hotel)
(Q: What is your relationship with Yum Mi Jung?)
(A:We are just friends.)
(Q:Does your wife know about Yum Mi Jung?)
Doctor.
- Doctor. - What?
Oh, hello.
- What were you thinking about? - Well...
Someone's waiting for you at the cafe.
Dr. Seo Joon Hee?
What is this about?
About Kang In Ho, of course.
I heard the four of you were always together since childhood.
Did In Ho say that?
Yes, he said you're like brothers.
Oh, this was from Oh Tae Suk.
We are like brothers.
I heard the four of you shared the penthouse equally...
along with Kang In Ho.
- Yes. - Did you go there...
on December 3?
Joon Hee. This is your chance to tell the truth.
Tell the truth and ask her to find the killer.
You crazy freak.
You put the body in a limited edition luggage?
You're the one who said there was no one on that mountain.
What's the use in fighting among ourselves?
Hey. What do we do about In Ho?
Because of us...
In Ho may have done it.
He has the strongest motive among us all.
That's insane, you crazy jerk!
What now?
This wouldn't have happened if we had reported it then.
It's too late to turn back!
But seriously, what will we do about In Ho?
He's our friend.
We chose the lesser of two evils instead of the worst.
You really want to leave him there?
They have the top lawyers on it.
They'll get him out easily.
Tae Suk.
This is murder.
It's different from anything else!
Hey. Hey. If he's innocent, he'll be found not guilty.
No. I can't do that.
I'll tell the police everything.
- You crazy jerks. - Joon.
Your dad doesn't know...
that you're on drugs, does he?
He values reputation more than skill.
How will your dad...
handle that disgrace?
Dr. Seo.
No. I haven't been to the penthouse recently.
I see.
I'm sorry for bugging you for nothing.
I thought it would be rude...
to ask over the phone when we've never met.
I hope I didn't make you uncomfortable.
No. I'm busy now, so...
Okay.
My coffee is still warm,
so I'll finish drinking it and then go.
Okay.
Dr. Seo.
The autopsy report says...
Yum Mi Jung's body was stored in a refrigerator.
What refrigerator is big enough to fit an entire human body?
Not unless it was in a hospital, right?
Why do I smell cigarettes?
Ms. Choi doesn't smoke.
My gosh.
She must really be stressed.
She usually doesn't smoke.
(Managing Partner)
What? Why is this on?
(Episode 6 will air shortly.)